Use-site defaulting for annotations in Kotlin 2.4.0 (#5546)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/annotations.md

### Defaults when no use-site targets are specified

If you don't specify a use-site target, the compiler chooses the target according to the `@Target` annotation of the annotation
you use. If there are multiple applicable targets, the compiler chooses one or more of them in the following order:

* The constructor parameter target (`param`), if applicable.
* The property target (`property`), if applicable.

> * The field target (`field`), if applicable and the property target (`property`) isn't.

Reviewer: "If applicable" here seems redundant with the context set, but I can see how it may sound less precise without it.

> If none of `param`, `property`, or `field` are applicable, the annotation is invalid.

Reviewer: Should we tack on a call to action here? "...the annotation is invalid, and you need to specify a use-site target explicitly."

}
```

> In this example, the `@Email` annotation applies to both constructor parameters and fields. Because the `email` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the `@Email` annotation applies to a constructor parameter and a field. Because the `email` 
```

property is declared in the primary constructor and has no custom getter or setter, the compiler applies the annotation to both the `param` and `field` targets. 

> The `secondaryEmail` property isn't a constructor parameter and also has no custom getter or setter, so only the `field` target applies.

Reviewer: I'd be tempted to make it a two-item list, to clearly separate reasoning for one and the other:

> ...applies to both:
> * The `email` is declared...
> * The `secondaryEmail` property...
